I remember now.
This is the long-lost Rain Plum Blossom Needle, right?
Rain plum blossom needle
This set of stitches
It is the set of needles that Master mentioned before his death
That set of stitches is in
The unparalleled saint who ranked first in the five rankings
After the tail tower
Lost
I didn't expect you to learn it
that
The falling rain plum blossom needle is not to break through the master
Can you learn it only when you reach the congenital realm?
You have reached the realm of nature
A mere congenital realm
Who is it?
Two guardians
Is this Xiantian Realm very strong?
Can it be compared to my dragon position?
It's congenital.
Killing a master is like killing a dog
The falling rain plum blossoms really hurt the strength of the group
Don't say a kill
Even if it is ten or a hundred, it is difficult to get in
What is the folly of the Xu family so amazing?
So Zhao Yunlong
Now it's my turn to ask you